## Introduction


The search terms dashlet has been developed for Alfresco's 2012 dashlet challenge. It shows the search terms that have been executed in Alfresco, along with number of filters that give users control over what search terms are displayed.

For more information see the wiki page: 

## Prerequisites

The search terms dashlet uses Solr’s faceting and filter query functionality, so in order for it to work it is required that Solr has been set up as Alfresco's  search sub-system.

Maven has been chosen as the build tool for this project, so you will also need to have Maven installed to build the project amps.

## Install

Once you have pulled the code from git, navigate to the project’s root folder ‘ix-search-terms-dashlet’ via the command line. There are two sub-folders within the root folder: ‘alfresco’ and ‘share’. To build the ‘alfresco’ and ‘share’ amps run the following maven command:

<pre><code>mvn clean package</code></pre>

If this is the first time you have run maven on your machine it might take a while to download the required jars, so please be patient.

The amp files generated by the Maven build will be in created in the projects’ target directory 

<pre><code>&lt;PATH-TO-PROJECT&gt;/ix-search-terms-dashlet/alfresco/target/search-terms-dashlet-alfresco-1.0-SNAPSHOT.amp
&lt;PATH-TO-PROJECT&gt;/ix-search-terms-dahslet/share/target/search-terms-dashlet-share-1.0-SNAPSHOT.amp</code></pre>

Place the 'search-terms-dashlet-alfresco-1.0-SNAPSHOT.amp' and 'search-terms-dashlet-share-1.0-SNAPSHOT.amp' files in the amp directories in your Alfresco installation. 

<pre><code>&lt;ALFRESCO_HOME&gt;/amps/search-terms-dashlet-alfresco-1.0-SNAPSHOT.amp
&lt;ALFRESCO_HOME&gt;/amps-share/search-terms-dashlet-share-1.0-SNAPSHOT.amp</code></pre>

Run the apply-amps.bat/apply-amps.sh file in your Alfresco installation.

Start alfresco.